Congratulations on completing the research section of this course.
By now I hope you know how to find a low competition high converting keywords.
To summarize this section what I'd hope would maybe be a cool thing to do is I'm going to show you a
number of questions that I've received from students about 10 questions on keyword research and I think
but by going through each of these and answering each of these this will serve as a great summary to
this section and hopefully answer any questions that you might have if are if you've another question
I'd be delighted to take it.
You can click on this chat icon here and leave another discussion for me.
And if you like this type of form us just let me know as well because I'm happy to make these kind of
Kootenays summaries for other sections of the Course as well.
So let's get started with some more basic questions and then we'll get more advanced as we go through
.
The first question here is from site Chandni Guess what are key words p words are very simply what people
are typing into the Google search bar when they're trying to find information.
Know the word might be new to keyword but I guarantee the process is not.
You probably do this 10 15 20 times a day.
You go to Google and type in a word when you're trying to find information.
This word is called a key word.
So if you get more specific it can be a two three four five or eight key word that's known as a keyword
phrase key word and a key word phrase are essentially the same.
We find the key words the same way in the google key we're planner or tool we assess them how competitive
they are the same way.
And also in the next session I'll see how we optimize our content around them to say ways.
There's no difference between a keyword and a keyword phrase in terms of RCO process.
So next question here from Raj Kumar here is do you suggest choosing less competitive keywords.
Absolutely yes.
That's the whole purpose of this section.
It's to find these lower competition keywords.
The competition really there is the competition between the other web site owners who are all trying
to get to the top of the search results for that keyword.
The reason everybody wants to get that up is because they want to get those visitors who are typing
that into Google to come to their sites.
And so definitely we want to choose less competitive terms.
And you know at a high level the way you can think about competition is that single word keywords will
be more competitive.
So for example drones like we saw as a single word key word.
It's going to have a lot more searches because it's less specific but it's also going to attract a lot
of competition because of that high number of searches.
So what we want to focus on are these less competitive.
Two word phrases or three and four key word phrases so drones that follow you drones with cameras follow
you et cetera.
So I said in the in relation to the last question there is no difference in our A.U. process between
keywords and key phrases.
But there is a difference in terms of their competitiveness.
Generally as the keyword becomes more descriptive with more words it becomes less competitive.
And so we really want to target those because it's easy for us to get to the top of search results and
bring those visitors to our site.
So next question here from chariot facility how many keywords can we optimize per page.
I would really recommend that you just focus on one key word or key word phrase per page because you
really want to make sure that Google understands what your web pages have buyers so that they can then
match it up to somebody who's searching in Google for that keyword phrase.
So next question is from Jeff tears.
He says that he has found a low competition keywords.
He's used the most boring tool to check the top 10 search results for the keyword he's seen.
They have a low page tortie you know below 20.
So it'll be easy for him to get to the top of the search results for these keywords.
However he is also known as not they have a lower amount of Monkley search volumes by you know 500 and
below.
So that's what you generally expect for lower competition.
There's probably lower volume but what you can do is take a portfolio approach so as you said you should
target one keyword per page but that doesn't mean that you only target one word.
You can have a number of pages targeting a number of different keywords and in aggregate the traffic
that you would be getting will be substantial.
So you get one page talking about Pardue Kopra kits.
You can have another page that's talking about you know the top 10 drones that follow you.
The next page could be whatever.
So you can have multiple different keywords that you're targeting bring in traffic from all those and
use in a portfolio approach you can still get a lot of traffic from these lower search.
Q It's another question about the you were planning or tool from Rohit Kalita here you said.
Can you explain what suggested it means in words.
So this isn't really so relevant as CEO but it comes up as a common question.
So I thought it answers really what Rohit is referring to here is this calling here suggest you bid
what you've got to remember is that the Google words Google planner tool is part of Google our words
Google onwards is really part of Google that you know sells these advertisements against the search
results so all of these are ads here.
It's here.
And the way that Google sells these ads is through an auction process and in an auction you bid first
.
And what they are suggesting is that to win the auction you should have a period of two 13:9 per click
You know in order to win the auction for this keyword.
And so what we can use this information for FIRMAT Nescio perspective is to say OK whether someone is
paying for 35 per click for the keyword personalized travel coffee mugs then we know that must be highly
valuable traffic.
Those visitors are probably very likely to make a purchase.
And so we can rank organically in the search results just using a SEO that is going to be valuable traffic
.
And so you know if that keyword is not so competitive it's going to be valuable.
Q Right now the question we often get about the killer or tool is is the composition here showing us
the competition for us.
And no it's not.
This is the competition for the auction so high competition usually means a high amounts of people are
bidding for this keyword and low competition is a lower amount.
It's not really reflective of how hard it is to get to the top of the search results for that keyword
.
We want to use the process that I showed you with the Mars bar and looking at the top 10 results with
the page 20.
So final question here from Tony Wilson he says where do we put the key word.
So I've chosen that's really what we're going to talk about in the next section of the course the on
page optimization section of the course and again show you exactly what Upholders keywords that you've
chosen for each individual page so that Google knows what your web page is about it and they'll give
you the greatest chance of appearing at the top of the search results.
So I hope you found this lecture helpful.
You have any more questions.
Just click on the chat icon and add them in there.
If you enjoy the sin of liking to make more lectures like this in this forum just let me know as well
.
I'd love to hear you helpful.
Thanks